Update dictionaries@bc9CL_HMT-R6nXO1eR-gP.md (#6365)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/python/content/dictionaries@bc9CL_HMT-R6nXO1eR-gP.md

> # Dictionaries
> 
> n Python, a dictionary is a built-in data type that allows you to store key-value pairs. Each key in the dictionary is unique,
> and each key is associated with a value. Dictionaries are unordered collections, meaning the order of items is not guaranteed.
> 
> my_dict = {'name': 'Alice', 'age': 25}
> 
> Resources:
> 
> W3 Schools -  https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_dictionaries.asp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dictionaries

In Python, a dictionary is a built-in data type that allows you to store key-value pairs. Each key in the dictionary is unique, and each key is associated with a value. Dictionaries are unordered collections, meaning the order of items is not guaranteed.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [W3 Schools - Dictionaries](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_dictionaries.asp)
```
